retired New York City firefighter Ralph
guy Dalls says he considers himself a
tough guy but today is the one day of
the year when it's hard to be tough
today is a very bad day I mean so many
people lost their lives on the attack
and it's just a shame that everybody has
to get together on it for something like
that for the past nine years Ralph says
he has hated September 11 because that's
the day he's reminded of his brother
Gary who died trying to save people from
the towers it's with me a lot it's it's
always with me sometimes I I wish it was
a dream and I could wake up earlier that
this day and warn everybody it's just
the
except I know it's never gonna go away
so today Ralph and his community are
holding a special ceremony to honor the
memory of his brother and everyone else
who lost their lives it's nice to see
that people don't forget we get together
in a small town the small little
community and we have a nice little
celebration and it just kind of warms my
heart and to help this community
remember Ralph and his wife are letting
people see and touch what he pulled from
the World Trade Center as he searched
for his brother accents pieces of
building and artifacts from the
firefighters who rushed in to save lives
all right I found that I think it brings
the impact of at home on what the loss
was there and what the recovery and
rescue workers actually had to go
through there the memories will always
be painful
but by sharing it with his friends Ralph
doesn't have to shoulder the burden by
himself you know you're not alone in
saiad Valley Steven Sandberg Newswatch
12 in the moments after it was announced
that Osama bin Laden had been killed
a celebration broke out at Ground Zero
but in syat Valley California Ralph's
guy Dalls says he won't be cheering
watching them celebrating everything
that's okay for them I guess I don't
feel like I feel like crying half the
time I mean this whole thing was it's
been a ten-year nightmare I'm happy he's
dead but I'm not gonna dance about it
the retired New York City firefighter
says it's a hollow feeling they finally
killed the man responsible for the
deaths of thousands of people including
guy Dalls firefighter brother Gary who
died while saving people from the World
Trade Center but it doesn't take the
pain away they're nothing closes my
brother is still dead and he still did
it and there's a lot more guys like him
out there so no closure to bad word in
the ten years after searching for his
brother's body in the wreckage of the
twin towers Ralph has wanted to see
justice done but he wasn't prepared for
what it would be like when it actually
happened I wanted him to be punished for
so long I wanted them to get him and
then it was over like that it seems to
me I mean they did one shot right in the
head it was it seems so to to him quick
I wanted him to feel pain I want him to
feel the pain that I felt my family felt
and all the thousands of other families
out there felt I don't know if he got
that and while thousands cheer for the
death of a terrorist
Ralph mourns the death of a firefighter
I just I just wish he was here
Ralph keidel can't believe it's already
been 10 years since 9/11 and ten years
since the former New York City fireman
lost his firefighter brother Gary in the
terrorist attacks on the world trade
south 10 years isn't okay I can't
believe it it feels like it feels a good
day to honor Gary's memory Ralph and his
wife Barbara are going to New York for
September 11th
Ralph is riding his motorcycle across
country with his son clearing his head
before arriving in New York hopefully
it's gonna be more of a cleansing thing
I can get a lot of bad memories maybe
out of my mind and I think I'll try to
think all good things show my brother
through my eyes the beauty of the
country barbara has been selected to
help read the names of the victims at a
ceremony at Ground Zero it's going to be
very emotional the closer we get to the
day it gets a little harder and they're
also bringing the support of their
little community in saiad Valley
California a local artist spent 600
hours making a chainmail flag the only
one built exactly to the United States
flag code there's about 16 and a half
thousand rings in the total flag I've
learned more about what it means to be
an American and and what the American
flag should mean to all of us than I
ever thought imaginable and the flag
will hang at New York's rescue 1 the
same fire department where Gary guille
was stationed I know my brother would be
really proud
11 year anniversary of September 11th
retired New York City firefighter Ralph
keidel is reflecting on his connection
to that day as well as continuing to
teach the community of side value fornia
firsthand about what happened today
after 11 years this is great I think I
think this is probably the most people
we've had it's a different feeling this
year for Ralph keidel a motorcycle trip
to New York last year cleared his head
now the retired New York City
firefighter says this year he's not
mourning his brother Gary he's
celebrating him not dwell on all the
sadness and everything I'm just trying
to remember the good things and the good
times me and my brother had I know a lot
of the friends I lost guy dole spent
months at ground zero digging through
rubble and searching for victims
including Gary a firefighter who died
saving people from the towers as Ralph
shares artifacts he pulled from the
destruction he wants those examples of
heroism to inspire his community how
everybody got together that that
horrible day went on buildings together
and everybody got together with buckets
and hand tools and searched for the for
the victims it's a message his town is
taking to heart he's the biggest hero I
could have since Mickey Mantle
at this year's 9/11 ceremony Ralph
shared the experience with other heroes
local firefighters and police I was
doing everything I was trying to raise
the flag ring the bell do it and then I
thought you know what it's not all mine
it's not all about me and just in my
family so I wanted to get I want to get
everybody involved and even after 11
years he's being reminded he's not alone
in syad Valley Steven Sandberg Newswatch